Update to version 0.2 (#23)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: README.md

    true, // track XHR Resources
    true // track Errors
)

> // Optional: enable or disable native craash reports

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
// Optional: enable or disable native crash reports
```

    </NavigationContainer>
```

### Adding custom attributes

> In order to get more information out of your RUM sessions, you can attach user informations to all RUM events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can attach user information to all RUM events to get more detailed information from your RUM sessions. 
```

#### User information

> For user specifc information, you can use the following code wherever you want in your code (after the SDK has been initialized). Note that the `id`, `name` and `email` attributes are built-in the Datadog UI, but you can add any attribute that makes sense to your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For user specifc information, you can use the following code wherever you want in your code (after the SDK has been initialized). The `id`, `name` and `email` attributes are built into the Datadog UI, but you can add any attribute that makes sense to your app.
```

```js
DdSdk.setUser({
    id: "1337", 
    name: "John Smith", 
    email: "john@example.com", 
    type: "premium"
})
```

#### Global attributes

> You can also keep global attributes to track information about a specific session: A/B testing configuration, advert campaign origin, cart status, …

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also keep global attributes to track information about a specific session, such as A/B testing configuration, advert campaign origin, or cart status.
```
